Affiliate Window Candidate Task
===============================

### Objective

To demonstrate your OOP and unit testing skills.

### Task

Create a simple report that shows transactions for a merchant id specified as command line argument.

The data.csv file contains dummy data in different currencies, the report should be in GBP.

Assume that data changes and comes from a database, csv file is just for simplicity, 
feel free to replace with sqlite if that helps.

Please add code, unit tests and documentation (docblocks, comments). You do not need to connect to a real currency webservice, a dummy webservice client that returns random or static values is fine.

Provided code is just an indication, do not feel the need to use them if you don't want to. If something is not clear, improvise.

Use any 3rd party framework or components as you see fit. Please use composer where possible if depending on 3rd party code.

### Assessment

Your task will be assessed on your use of OOP, dependency injection, unit testing and commenting against the level of the position for which you have applied.

Points will be deducted for leaving any redundant files in your code (e.g. left overs from framework skeleton app creation).

### Implementation

This test has been developed using no framework. Autoload generated by composer enabled all the classes that have been created to be loaded and used by means of namespaces. 

The codebase adhered to using interfaces and abstract classes from within the Common directory. Within the TransactionTableModel.php file, the getter and setter magic methods have been put in place for not only creating the properties of that class, but to provide validation on what is being set when it comes to executing queries.

Unit tests have been carried out within the codebase using both reflection and mocking approaches.

### How to test

1. Using the terminal, cd into the root directory of the project and execute the following ` php src/Script/report.php`.
2. The following message will display `Do you want to list all transactions? Answer Y/N:`. If Y or y is pressed then a table of all results will be displayed.
3. If N or n is pressed then the following question will be displayed as `What is the merchant id you would like to view?`. Enter the merchant id you would like to view transactions for, then after pressing enter a table displaying all transactions relating to that merchant id will display.
4. Lastly it will then ask whether to exit or not, Y/y will exit the program or N/n will return to the main question of displaying all results.
5. Unit tests have been implemented using PHP Unit, to execute please cd to the root directory and run the following command `./vendor/bin/phpunit tests`.  